User Stories

Create:
As a DB user, I would create seperate collections for Projects, Deparment and Employees for better management
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Create seperate collection for Projects, Deparment and Employees.
2. Schema of the collections should not be stringent.

As a HR user I would like create new departments for better management
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Create department with attributes like name and list employees in the deparment.
2. Should be able to create multiple departments.


As a HR manager I would like to add employee details into the system for tracking.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. HR should be able to add multiple employees in the system.
2. Multiple employees can have same name etc



Read
As a engineering manager I should be able to see all employee in engineering department.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Return details of all employees in engineering department
2. Employee details not belonging to engineering department should not be returned.


As a HR manager I would like find employees who are hired on or after a certain date to enroll them in orientation.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Return all employees who are hired on or after a certain date only.
2. Do not return employee who are hired before the specified date.

As a VP I would like to find all employees who are either Manager or PMTS to invite them to a event.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Return all employee who have designation of Manager or PMTS


Update:
As a CFO I would like to give a raise of $1000 to all employees who have a designation of PMTS as a thank you token.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Find all employee who have designation of PMTS
2. Increment PMTS current salary by $1000.
3. Return me the updated employee record for confirmation.


As a recruiting manager I would like to add new employee to Sales Department
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Create a new employee record.
2. Update Sales Department employee's list to include new employee.

As an employee I would like to move from one department to another for better career alignment.
Acceptance Criteria:
1. Get the current record of the employee
2. Update the record of employee to indicate new department
3. Remove employee from older department's employee list
4. Add employee to new department's employee list
